Stop the ball!
So, what’s your biggest question about life?
Why are people so obsessed
with kicking round objects?
Well, there’s that.
But seriously, anything?
Why do people hate?
If we’re all God’s children, what’s the deal?
Good question
and one the Bible definitely answers, um.
But you’ve a train to catch.
So we’ll stop there.
But, um, is Tuesday still good?
Assuming space-time hasn’t collapsed
into a singularity,
I’m open.
OK, cool.
So, um, on Tuesday, we’ll carry on with,
um, that chapter, this section here . . .
Hey.
Hi.
So?
How’s the study going?
Brilliant!
We’re zipping right through the easy stuff.
So, what I love about this prophecy
is that it was written,
like, 200 years before it actually happened,
and every single detail came true.
The men in charge just left the gates open.
I mean, I would have fired anyone
that got drunk
and left the city gates open.
Anyway, back to the prophecy . . .
So “God is love,”
but he’s going to kill billions.
How does that work?
Well, it’ll make sense later.
But for now,
let’s just focus on what
I was talking about earlier.
What’s so nice about this chapter
is that it’s talking about prayer.
Well, it’s talking about how Jehovah
helps us with prayer,
and so it’s really lovely because we can pray
to someone that’s created . . .
Basically, all of this is evidence
of “the last days.”
So, what would you say
are the signs of the last days?
Wars,
disasters,
rude people, mm, yeah.
Anything else?
No.
OK, that’s fine.
We can just, um—
We’ll just review it in the next lesson.
It’s fine.
Do you want to just wrap it up now then?
Yeah.
Is everything OK?
Blissful.
I’m going to go.
All right. Bye, Gladys.
And she just said one word, I just—
I don’t know what to do.
Wow! Thankfully I’ve never had
a student like that.
OK, she’s really getting
a hang of this irony thing, isn’t she?
But seriously, I—
I really put myself into the study
to try and make it live.
And I get “Yes,”
“No,”
“Maybe,”
or another insufferable, off-topic question.
Maybe let’s do a bit of research?
I knew you’d say that.
I’ll put the kettle on.
Thanks, Keesha.
Here we go
—October 2020 Watchtower—
this box.
“Exercise self-control
by not talking too much.”
I guess I do need help.
But look:
“Let the student see
that you’re excited about Bible truths.”
Spot-on there!
“Make friends in the congregation.”
Oh, I could, or maybe we could, do this.
“Look for signs
that reveal [her] desire to serve Jehovah.”
Who’s free on Friday?
Sorry, Jade. I’m busy.
Oh.
Yeah. I’d love to.
OK.
Uh, Jade, Jade, my tablet?
No? Gone. OK.
Hey.
So a surprise today:
My usual lecture has been canceled
in favor of a discussion, and . . .
Jade, I’m not really the drumroll type.
Oh, hey.
Hi.
I’m Neeta, one of Jade’s roommates.
And you’re?
Gladys.
So let’s start with the question
you hit me with last time,
which is, Why do we stay neutral
when we see injustice?
I take it you’ve had your fair share?
Uh-huh.
Me too,
although not as bad as my mum and dad
from what they tell me.
But how will things ever change
if we don’t do something about it?
Let’s see what the Bible has to say
at Jeremiah 10:23.
Could you read that?
“I well know, O Jehovah,
“that man’s way does not belong to him.
“It does not belong to man who is walking
even to direct his step.”
But if that’s true,
then the future of the human race
is looking quite bleak.
Does that mean then
that there’s no hope for us
and there’s no point in carrying on?
What’s the point?
Hmm. Good question.
Very good question.